UNO R4 (#227)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Hardware Support/Core Boards/Whats-the-difference-between-UNO-R3-and-UNO-R4-boards.md

---
title: "What's the difference between UNO R3 and UNO R4 boards?"
---

Learn about the differences between UNO R3 and the new UNO R4 WiFi and UNO R4 Minima boards.

---

> ## Select differences

Reviewer: Although they have similar meanings, I would suggest using "Selected" or "Main" instead of "Select" (As this can be confusing and mislead the reader to think that they have to select something or follow a tutorial).

> Here's a few changes you may notice if you've previously used the UNO R3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are a few changes you may notice if you've previously used the UNO R3:
```
